I am getting ready to complete my undergraduate degree at Indiana University in early May. I am graduating with a BA in Digital and Interactive Media with a focus in web specialization. I will also be receiving a certificate in Informatics from the LSICE school. I chose to take a number of computer science courses as well, as I believe programming is a necessary language for any 21st century student seeking to start a career. 

Throughout my 4 years of college, I’ve realized my passion for the industry that utilizes technology to produce results. I am passionate about solving problems and applying technology to further the effectiveness of profitable business models. I have a passion for technology, something about it has always sparked my interest. I think the opportunities that data-driven business provide are endless. 

I’ve been lucky enough to have experiences outside of school that have helped shape my education and my mindset towards building a career. I chose to work at a small business during high school, and some of my college years. As acting manager, I learned the ins and outs of business in my boss’s absence. At 19 I ran a small bakery/farmers’ market, managing coworkers both older and younger than myself, for nearly 5 months. 

Through this job I was able to land an internship working for world renowned Walter Knabe. A two-person team plus an intern led to a very intimate work environment, one that gave me insight into the culture of creative artists. I learned how to screen print and all of the necessary Adobe techniques needed to construct an art piece from beginning to finish. I also learned the basics of sales, social media marketing, and business analytics. 

In April 2019, my cousin and I decided to venture into sales in the hand sanitizer industry. While we saw prices skyrocketing online and supplies diminishing in local stores, we got in contact with a local distillery that had pivoted to hand sanitizer manufacturing during the pandemic. We wanted to provide people and businesses with an affordable disinfectant, one that supported local businesses. We built a website, launched analytics and began a social media campaign. Day-to-day tasks included cold calling local businesses trying to secure contracts. 

By August 2020 we had successfully sold to 10+ businesses, one of which was the Indianapolis Children’s Museum. We were able to use our profits to donate hand sanitizer directly to the Bloomington Salvation Army. 

I am eager to invest myself into whatever is next for me, as I really love learning new things. I am currently actively searching for a position in New York City (preferably), or Chicago. After studying both front-end and back-end development, marketing, business, and the use of technology in consumer culture over the last 4 years, I am confident in my skills and abilities to apply my thinking and undergo difficult tasks in problem-solving situations. 

